.\" -*- coding: us-ascii -*-
.if \n(.g .ds T< \\FC
.if \n(.g .ds T> \\F[\n[.fam]]
.de URL
\\$2 \(la\\$1\(ra\\$3
..
.if \n(.g .mso www.tmac
.TH buildpkg 1 "19 June 2026" "" ""
.SH NAME
buildpkg \- buildpkg is used to build packages in a clean chroot. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
'nh
.fi
.ad l
\fBbuildpkg\fR \kx
.if (\nx>(\n(.l/2)) .nr x (\n(.l/5)
'in \n(.iu+\nxu
[OPTIONS]\&...
'in \n(.iu-\nxu
.ad b
'hy
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbuildpkg\fR is used to build a particular package or a set of packages. 
.PP
With buildpkg you can build packages in a clean chroot environment.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are understood:
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-p PROFILE...\fR\*(T>
Name of the build list or name of the directory
you will build. It needs to cantain a existing build list or a
folder with a valid PKGBUILD.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-a i686|x86_64|multilib|arm|armv6h|armv7h|aarch64\fR\*(T>
Architecture that the iso will be built. Can be i686, x86_64 or multilib.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-b stable|testing|unstable\fR\*(T>
Branch to build against..
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-r DIR\fR\*(T>
Root working directory where the package will be built.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-i PKG\fR\*(T>
Install a package into the working copy of the chroot.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-c\fR\*(T>
Recreate chroot.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-w\fR\*(T>
Clean up cache and sources.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-n\fR\*(T>
Install built package in chroot and run namcap check.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-s\fR\*(T>
Sign package.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-q\fR\*(T>
Query settings and pretend build.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-h\fR\*(T>
Help.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBgaruda-tools.conf\fR(5),
