.\" -*- coding: us-ascii -*-
.if \n(.g .ds T< \\FC
.if \n(.g .ds T> \\F[\n[.fam]]
.de URL
\\$2 \(la\\$1\(ra\\$3
..
.if \n(.g .mso www.tmac
.TH buildiso 1 "19 June 2026" "" ""
.SH NAME
buildiso \- buildiso is used to build a particular ISO or a set of ISOs. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
'nh
.fi
.ad l
\fBbuildiso\fR \kx
.if (\nx>(\n(.l/2)) .nr x (\n(.l/5)
'in \n(.iu+\nxu
[OPTIONS]\&...
'in \n(.iu-\nxu
.ad b
'hy
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbuildiso\fR is used to build a particular ISO or a set of ISOs. 
.PP
With buildiso you can build ISOs suitable to be booted from a removable media
like a DVD o a USB Stick, it will automatically create the necessary files to
install this ISO using calamares.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are understood:
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-p PROFILE...\fR\*(T>
Name of the build list or name of the directory
you will build. It needs to contain an existing build list or a
folder with a valid profile.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-a i686|x86_64\fR\*(T>
Architecture that the iso will be built. Can be i686 or x86_64.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-b stable|testing|unstable\fR\*(T>
Branch where the mirrors in the iso will point.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-c\fR\*(T>
Disable clean working directory step.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-f\fR\*(T>
Build full iso profile including packages with the >extra flag.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-g KEY\fR\*(T>
The GPG key to use to sign the sfs images.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-h\fR\*(T>
Help.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-k linuxXXX\fR\*(T>
The kernel on the iso
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-m\fR\*(T>
Enable persistence mode.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-q\fR\*(T>
Query settings and pretend build.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-r DIR\fR\*(T>
Root working directory where the iso will be built.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-t DIR\fR\*(T>
Iso target directory where the final iso will be stored.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-v\fR\*(T>
Verbose output to log file, show profile detail in combination with pretend.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-x\fR\*(T>
Only build images, without creating an ISO file.
.TP 
\*(T<\fB\-z\fR\*(T>
Generate iso from already created images, for example created with the -x option.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBgaruda-tools.conf\fR(5),
\fBprofiles.conf\fR(5),
