.\" -*- coding: us-ascii -*-
.if \n(.g .ds T< \\FC
.if \n(.g .ds T> \\F[\n[.fam]]
.de URL
\\$2 \(la\\$1\(ra\\$3
..
.if \n(.g .mso www.tmac
.TH garuda-tools.conf 5 "19 June 2026" "" ""
.SH NAME
garuda-tools.conf \- general configuration file for garuda-tools
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*(T<\fIgaruda\-tools.conf\fR\*(T>
.SH DESCRIPTION
garuda-tools.conf is a general configuration file for all garuda-tools binaries. 
.PP
By default all the options in the file are commented, with a value equal to the
default value. To change it just uncomment and put the desired value.
.SH "GENERAL OPTIONS FOR ALL TOOLS"
The following options are understood and used for various tools:
.TP 
\*(T<target_branch=\*(T>
Takes \*(T<\fBstable\fR\*(T> (the default),
\*(T<\fBtesting\fR\*(T> or \*(T<\fBunstable\fR\*(T>. It defines
against which repository will be used when compilling packages
with buildpkg.
.TP 
\*(T<target_arch=\*(T>
Takes \*(T<\fBi686\fR\*(T> or \*(T<\fBx86_64\fR\*(T>.
By default it will try to autodetect the current architecture.
It defines in witch architecture the packages will be built with
buildpkg.
.TP 
\*(T<cache_dir=\*(T>
Cache dir where buildpkg and buildise will cache
packages. Default is "/var/cache/garuda-tools".
.TP 
\*(T<chroots_dir=\*(T>
Build dir where buildpkg or buildiso chroot
environment will be created. Default is "/var/lib/garuda-tools".
.TP 
\*(T<log_dir=\*(T>
Log dir where buildiso log the build process. Default is "/var/log/garuda-tools".
.TP 
\*(T<build_mirror=\*(T>
Default mirror to be used when building
packages.
.SH "OPTIONS FOR BUILDTREE"
The following options are understood:
.TP 
\*(T<repo_tree=\*(T>
garuda package tree. Default is
"('core' 'extra' 'community' 'multilib')".
.TP 
\*(T<host_tree=\*(T>
Host tree. Default is "https://github.com/garuda".
.TP 
\*(T<host_tree_abs=\*(T>
Host tree for abs. Default is
"https://projects.archlinux.org/git/svntogit".
.SH "OPTIONS FOR BUILDPKG"
The following options are understood:
.TP 
\*(T<build_list_pkg=\*(T>
Default list for buildpkg without the .list
extension.
.SH "OPTIONS FOR BUILDISO"
The following options are understood:
.TP 
\*(T<build_list_iso=\*(T>
Default list for buildiso without the .list
extension.
.TP 
\*(T<dist_release=\*(T>
Release version of the distribution.
.TP 
\*(T<dist_branding=\*(T>
Branding of the distribution.
.TP 
\*(T<gpgkey=\*(T>
If the gpgkey is supplied, the sfs images on iso will be signed.
If the key is left empty or commented, signing will be skipped.
.TP 
\*(T<kernel=\*(T>
Takes a string corresponding to a
garuda kernel package (ex: linux318 for linux 3.18).
.SH "OPTIONS FOR DEPLOYISO"
The following options are understood:
.TP 
\*(T<account=\*(T>
Default user to be used for upload.
.TP 
\*(T<ssh_agent=true|false\*(T>
When set true, the ssh-agent will be used to store
the passphrase.
.TP 
\*(T<alt_storage=true|false\*(T>
When set true deployiso will upload to OSDN's
alternative server. Under some circumstances and depending on your
location the connection might be more stable.
.TP 
\*(T<project=\*(T>
Default OSDN project name to be used for upload.
If unset, 'garuda' or 'garuda-community' will be determined
automatically based on profile.
.TP 
\*(T<limit=\*(T>
Default upload bandwidth limit in kb/s.
.TP 
\*(T<tracker_url=\*(T>
Default tracker announce for the torrent.
The tracker url can also contain comma separated urls.
.TP 
\*(T<piece_size=\*(T>
Default priece size for the torrent in 2^n.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBprofiles.conf\fR(5),
\fBbuildiso\fR(1),
\fBdeployiso\fR(1),
\fBbuildtree\fR(1),
\fBbuildpkg\fR(1)
