.\" -*- coding: us-ascii -*-
.if \n(.g .ds T< \\FC
.if \n(.g .ds T> \\F[\n[.fam]]
.de URL
\\$2 \(la\\$1\(ra\\$3
..
.if \n(.g .mso www.tmac
.TH profile.conf 5 "19 June 2026" "" ""
.SH NAME
profile.conf \- configuration file for the individual profiles 
.SH SYNOPSIS
\*(T<\fIprofile.conf\fR\*(T>
.SH DESCRIPTION
profile.conf is a configuration file used to modify how the ISO will be built. 
.PP
By default all the options in the file are commented, with a value equal to the
default value. To change it just uncomment and put the desired value.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are understood:
.TP 
\*(T<displaymanager=\*(T>
Takes a value of
\*(T<\fBlightdm\fR\*(T>,
\*(T<\fBsddm\fR\*(T>,
\*(T<\fBgdm\fR\*(T>,
\*(T<\fBmdm\fR\*(T>,
\*(T<\fBlxdm\fR\*(T>. Defaults to "none" value,
which won't configure any display manager.
.TP 
\*(T<autologin=\*(T>
Accepts
\*(T<\fBtrue\fR\*(T> (the default)
\*(T<\fBfalse\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
\*(T<netinstall=\*(T>
Accepts
\*(T<\fBfalse\fR\*(T> (the default)
\*(T<\fBtrue\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
\*(T<chrootcfg=\*(T>
Accepts
\*(T<\fBfalse\fR\*(T> (the default)
\*(T<\fBtrue\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
\*(T<extra=\*(T>
Accepts
\*(T<\fBfalse\fR\*(T> (the default)
\*(T<\fBfalse\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
\*(T<multilib=\*(T>
Accepts
\*(T<\fBtrue\fR\*(T> (the default)
\*(T<\fBfalse\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
\*(T<geoip=\*(T>
Accepts
\*(T<\fBtrue\fR\*(T> (the default)
\*(T<\fBfalse\fR\*(T>.
.TP 
\*(T<plymouth_theme=\*(T>
Takes the name of the plymouth
theme. It should be the directory of a valid
plymouth theme installed in /usr/share/plymouth/themes/
.TP 
\*(T<efi_boot_loader=\*(T>
Takes grub or gummibot. Configures
calamares to use that bootloader.
.TP 
\*(T<enable_systemd=\*(T>
Array of services that will be
enabled in systemd systems. It has to match
the names of .service systemd files.
.TP 
\*(T<hostname=\*(T>
Hostname for the ISO.
.TP 
\*(T<username=\*(T>
Username of the default user
that will be created in the live-cd.
.TP 
\*(T<password=\*(T>
Password of the default user
that will be created in the live-cd.
.TP 
\*(T<login_shell=\*(T>
Accepts any login shell for the user, eg. /bin/zsh.
login_shell defaults to /bin/bash
.TP 
\*(T<addgroups=\*(T>
Default groups of the default user
in the live-cd and the user created while installing
the iso using calamares.
.TP 
\*(T<enable_systemd_live=\*(T>
Array of services that will be
enabled in the systemd live-cd. It has to match
the names of .service systemd files.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBgaruda-tools.conf\fR(5),
\fBbuildiso\fR(1),
